>>Older
As it stands, something that is sort of a depletion region is being detected,
unfortunately, it's not right because the depletion region needs to be a non-neutral
region, which this isn't.

>>2/17/10
Issues:
1.0 Averaging
1.1 Recombination

1.0 Averaging
	Okay, big problem. The way we're averaging doesn't work. It's highly conceptually wrong.

	If I move from point a to point b, we need to not weight earlier things more:

	We weight earlier things more: False. An average is an average.

	Okay, my concern may not be valid, yes we are treating all times as
similar, which is definitely wrong. It would probably be better to only
average the system every X number of frames, where X is on the order of the
lifetime of a particle to ensure no correlation between averages.

	This may not be _that_ big of a problem, but it's a problem.
---
1.1 Recombination
	Recombination DOES NOT WORK. You can't say: "Hey! I'm over a positive charge! Let's go away!". Because this means the charge won't cancel the other charge out.
It has to stick around, which means leaving behind the charge, but destroying
the particle. This is problematic, since the naive way of doing it is simply
to increase the present charge. This won't work since we also use this to 
keep track of how many charges are at a location, and whether we need to get
rid of them.
	


1.1.1 Current Behvaviour:

	Recombination DOES have an effect. if you turn it off, then you get two carrierless regions.  If you turn it ON, then you get an inversion of regions it seems. I think this makes sense.

	Explanation: The p-region is injecting holes, which have positive charge. But we have no recombination
so the charge will just away to the higher potential region. This leaves a net negative charge.

	Turn recombination ON (implemented incorrectly), and 

	(p is inside, n is outside)


>>2/12/10
Discussing with Ethan about simulation, raises possibility that a physical
situation is when the particle will actually miss the exit region entirely
this can't happen in a planar semiconductor, but CAN happen in a nanowire.

Should alter simulation to track this sort of phenomenon, and see if
it is voltage dependent. Should create a planar mesh to test this.

Should track trajectories of particles. Useful.
